COMP 375 - Project 2 - Spring 2018

Update this file so that it contains the following info.
Submissions where this file has not been completed will NOT be accepted (i.e.
will receive a grade of 0).

1. Partner 1's FULL Name: 			Patrick Hall
   Partner 1's USD Email Address: 	patrickhall@sandiego.edu
   Partner 2's FULL Name: 			James Ponwth
   Partner 2's USD Email Address:	jponwith@sandiego.edu

2. A typed copy of USD's academic integrity pledge, followed by each partners'
   typed initials (as a way of "signing the pledge.").

   The academic integrity pledge can be found on page 3 of
   the document found here: https://www.sandiego.edu/conduct/documents/HonorCode.pdf
   To be clear, it is the text that starts, "I pledge to demonstrate...".

	“I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matterswith my 
	fellow students, the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I promise to be 
	honest and accountable for my actions; and to uphold the statutes of
	scholastic honesty to better myself and those around me.”


	JP
	PH

3. The estimated number of hours spent working on the project.
   Break this down into three categories:
		- Time spent partner 1 spent working alone:	    22	
		- Time spent partner 2 spent working alone:		18
		- Time spent working together:					22	

4. A list of missing features and/or known bugs.

	We do not believe there are any missing features and I believe I fixed the
	abort error. 

5. The number of project bucks you are spending on this project. 
   Remember that one project buck buys you a 24-hour deadline extension.
   However, if you are working with a partner, you must each spend a buck to
   get a 24-hour extension (i.e. 2 total bucks spent).

	1 bucks

6. Any feedback you with to give me relating the project (e.g. Was it
   interesting? How could it be improved?)

	The hardest part of this project was correctly using regex, also the
	outdated compiler issue caused some delays. I think learning a bit about
	the Boost File System and regex in class would be extremely helpful. 
